[PL-49125] Add Harness OIDC provider endpoint and OIDC audience settings (#6408)
harness/developer-hub: kb/continuous-delivery/continuous-delivery-faqs.md

#### How does the AWS connector currently handle OIDC authentication?

Users can now leverage the AWS connector to configure OIDC authentication.

This feature is currently behind the feature flag `CDS_AWS_OIDC_AUTHENTICATION`. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature.

> This only leverages the account ID parameter when we send the token payload to the AWS STS service. For more information, go to [Harness AWS connector settings](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/connectors/cloud-providers/ref-cloud-providers/aws-connector-settings-reference/#harness-aws-connector-settings).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This only leverages the account ID parameter when Harness sends the token payload to the AWS STS service. For more information, go to [Harness AWS connector settings](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/connectors/cloud-providers/ref-cloud-providers/aws-connector-settings-reference/#harness-aws-connector-settings).
```
